[cloud-provider-azure] Add information about the use of load balancers to the docs (#3943)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/030-cloud-provider-azure/docs/README.md

- Provisions nodes in Azure using the `CSI storage` component;
- Enables the necessary CNI plugin (using the [simple bridge](../../modules/035-cni-simple-bridge/));
- Registers with the [node-manager](../../modules/040-node-manager/) module so that [AzureInstanceClasses](cr.html#azureinstanceclass) can be used when creating the [NodeGroup](../../modules/040-node-manager/cr.html#nodegroup).

> **Warning!**  When using load balancers, outgoing traffic also goes through it. If no balancer has UDP rules, then all outgoing UDP traffic is blocked. As a result, such utilities as ntpdate and chrony do not work. To solve the problem, you need to add a load balancing rule with any UDP port to an existing balancer yourself, or create a service in the cluster with the LoadBalancer type with any UDP port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note!**  When using load balancers, outgoing traffic also goes through it. If no balancer has UDP rules, all outgoing UDP traffic is blocked. As a result, such utilities as `ntpdate` and `chrony` do not work. To solve the problem, you need to add a load balancing rule with any UDP port to an existing balancer yourself, or create a service in the cluster with the LoadBalancer type with any UDP port.
```
